## Rubric

Graded out of 20 points. 

1. Add both controller objects and add joystick movement to the left controller thumbstick (you only need to implement virtual translation, not rotation). Implement a **Fishing Reel** variant of the pointing technique (see Lecture 13 slide 9) on the right controller. This should include a visible laser pointer that originates at the right controller. When it intersects an object with the "grabbable" tag and the user pulls the trigger, the object should be considered "grabbed" until the user lets go of the trigger (see Lecture 14).  When an object is grabbed, the user should be able to move the object by rotating the controller. That is, when a controller has a grabbed object, that object should always be the same distance from the controller along the controller's forward vector. In addition, the user should be able to translate the object forwards and backwards along the ray using the thumbstick (Similar to how the depth ray in Lecture 16). (5)
1. The user should be able to turn the Fishing Reel technique on and off using the A button on the right controller or the X button on the left controller.  Pressing either button should toggle the Fishing Reel technique. (1)
1. Implement the **Go-Go** grasping technique (see Lecture 11 slides 33,34) on both controllers.  This will involve computing the distance between each controller and the headset.  For distances less than some threshold *d*, the location of the controller should match the user's hand to allow them to easily grab nearby objects that have the "grabbable" tag.  For distances greater than *d*, the hand should be scaled forward to extend the user's reach.  You should experiment with different values for *d* and the distance scale factor to settings that work comfortably. Lecture 16 provides an example of using modifying the relationship between the virtual and physical controllers using a a gain parameter. This will be similar, but the gain paramter will depend on *d*. (4)
1. The user should be able to cycle between the Go-Go technique and the Fishing Reel technique using the A button on the right controller or the X button on the left controller.  When the Go-Go technique is deactivated, it should be deactivated for *both* hands. (2)
1. Implement a **Spindle** between the two controllers (see Lecture 13 slides 48, 49).  You should use a small object such as a cube to mark the midpoint. Add the spindle technique to the technique cycle. The spindle should only be active when the Fishing Reel and Go-Go technique is toggled off. That is, there should only be one active technique at a time. When the application starts, it should be the Fishing Reel technique. When either A or X is pressed, it should then be the Go-Go technique. When either A or X are pressed again, it should be the spindle technique. When either A or X are pressed again, it should go back to Fishing Reel. This should repeat. (2)
1. When the user grabs an object with the "grabbable" tag with either hand when the spindle is active, the object should be translated to the midpoint of the spindle. (2)
1. When the user moves their hands, the grabbed object should be translated to follow the midpoint of the spindle.  (2)
1. When the user moves their hands, the grabbed object should be rotated to match the alignment of the spindle.  Note that you only need to worry about yaw and roll (rotation about the Y and Z axes).  (2)
1. When the user moves their hands closer together or further apart, the grabbed object should be scaled up or down based on the distance between them.  (2)
